Add reviewer and requester roles. (#27673)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access/getting-started.mdx

### Create a user

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss"]}>

> Next, let's create a user to access the application we've just connected. Teleport has a built-in role called `access` that allows users to access cluster resourcesCreate a local user assigned to these roles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, let's create a user to access the application we've just connected. Teleport has a built-in role called `access` that allows users to access cluster resources. Create a local user assigned to this role:
```

```code
$ tctl users add --roles=access alice
```
</ScopedBlock>

> <ScopedBlock scope={["enterprise", "cloud"]}>

Reviewer 2: If it's important that Enterprise users not miss this part of the page, we should put this in a `Tabs` rather than a `ScopedBlock`, since users tend not to realize you can manipulate the scope switcher at the top of the page.

Author: I don't think it's super dire if they miss this.

Next, let's create a user to access the application we've just connected. Teleport has a built-in role called `access` that allows users to access cluster resources,

> along with a built-in role called `requester` that allows users to request resources. Create a local user assigned to these roles:

Reviewer: if I read "`access` that allows users to access cluster resources" + "`requester` that allows users to request resources" as a normal teleport user I'm going to be really confused (actually, I am a bit confused myself). If the `requester` role is relevant to this guide can we say why it's actually needed?

Author: I think I'll remove it from this guide, might makes things simpler.

```code
$ tctl users add --roles=access,requester alice
```

> </ScopedBlock>

Author: You could very well need it for user group requests, which are not granted as part of access.
